K8up community update (#922)
k8up-io/k8up: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/about/community.adoc

Connect with the K8up community:

https://github.com/k8up-io/k8up/discussions[Discussions]:: The project has GitHub discussions enabled where we discuss everything around K8up. Feel free to hop in there.

> https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/C06GP0D5FEF[Chat]:: We use the https://slack.cncf.io/[CNCF Slack Workspace] and are reachable in the #k8up channel.

Reviewer: oh, you already got access to the slack?

https://github.com/k8up-io/k8up[GitHub]:: The source code and issue tracking is available on _GitHub_ under https://github.com/k8up-io/k8up[k8up-io/k8up].
<<Monthly community meeting>>:: Join us in our monthly recurring community meeting.

== Monthly community meeting

The K8up community hosts a monthly community meeting in Zoom:

Time and Date::

> Every first Monday of the month at 5:00 PM Switzerland timezone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every first Monday of the month at 5:00 PM Europe/Zurich timezone.
```

Switzerland timezone sounds somewhat weird... and we're all nerds here.
